# CS300-DSA-Analysis-and-Design
This course focused heavily on data structures and how to apply them with adding information. It went through using lists, vectors, binary search trees, and much more. Specifically, each week went through a different data structure and we were tasked with having our
program read from a CSV file and add that data into the given data structure of the week. The approach I had was to read each "FIXME" part of the provided code very carefully and do my absolute best to ensure that I did what it asked. If I got stuck, I would move on to the 
next "FIXME" and work on that in hopes that when I went back, I would have a fresh outlook on what needed to be achieved. Data structures are important because it creates a hub for a program to store necessary data that is needed. It's important to know the differences
between the structures because you want to know which would be the most efficient and effective option for a given task. For instance reading data from a file would require a different kind of data structure than a video game would need. I overcame road blocks by using
different websites, specifically YouTube. I would look up video tutorials of binary search trees or vectors in hopes that it would show me something that the ZyBooks didn't really go over, or at least didn't go over well enough for me to comprehend it. I also utilized the 
SNHU tutoring system, but it's hard to use them given that I usually had way too many questions for one 1 hour session. The most unfortunate part of the course was that I couldn't get my programs to actually read the CSV file until my final project. I'm in the military and
work a lot, so the main time that I had to actually work on the code was on the weekend. I Googled so how to get visual studio to open a CSV file, but all of the answers that popped up was the actual code needed. My problem was that I didn't have the file saved in the
correct location for the system to actually open it. Once I figured it out, it was a light bulb moment and it led to me being able to verify that my code works and led to me getting a grade that I could be proud of for my final project. My work in this class has helped me 
understand how to correctly use data structures. Data structures were always something that I struggled to wrap my head around in previous programming classes. Instead of using a list, I would use an insane amount of if/else statements to achieve the same goal, but not in
a way that was efficient, nor modular. So this class has helped me understand them and understand how to use them, so it allowed me to be able to program in the future, use the data structures, and therefore making the program much more maintainabe and adaptable, with a
significantly less amount of lines to read.
